"You have power over your mind — not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength." — Marcus Aurelius

"It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that they are difficult." — Seneca

"First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do." — Epictetus

"The beginning is the most important part of the work." — Plato

"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." — Aristotle (summarized by Will Durant)

"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." — Confucius

"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." — Lao Tzu

"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." — Ralph Waldo Emerson

"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." — Henry David Thoreau

"He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how." — Friedrich Nietzsche

"In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer." — Albert Camus

"Man is nothing else but what he makes of himself." — Jean-Paul Sartre

"Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced." — Søren Kierkegaard

"Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see." — Arthur Schopenhauer

"Rules for happiness: something to do, someone to love, something to hope for." — Immanuel Kant

"Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours." — John Locke

"Be not astonished at new ideas; for it is well known to you that a thing does not therefore cease to be true because it is not accepted by many." — Baruch Spinoza

"Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers." — Voltaire

"The world of reality has its limits; the world of imagination is boundless." — Jean-Jacques Rousseau

"Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise." — Victor Hugo

"Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself." — Leo Tolstoy

"To go wrong in one's own way is better than to go right in someone else's." — Fyodor Dostoevsky

"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." — Mark Twain

"No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another." — Charles Dickens

"It isn't what we say or think that defines us, but what we do." — Jane Austen

"I am no bird; and no net ensnares me: I am a free human being with an independent will." — Charlotte Brontë

"Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul." — Emily Dickinson

"Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you." — Walt Whitman

"It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves." — William Shakespeare

"It is never too late to be what you might have been." — George Eliot

"For what it’s worth... it’s never too late, or in my case too early, to be whoever you want to be." — F. Scott Fitzgerald

"The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places." — Ernest Hemingway

"No need to hurry. No need to sparkle. No need to be anybody but oneself." — Virginia Woolf

"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." — Oscar Wilde

"You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them." — Maya Angelou

"If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it." — Toni Morrison

"Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced." — James Baldwin

"Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth." — Rumi

"Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars." — Khalil Gibran

"The beginning is always today." — Mary Shelley

"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." — Herman Melville

"Let me live, love, and say it well in good sentences." — Sylvia Plath

"Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly." — Langston Hughes

"When I discover who I am, I’ll be free." — Ralph Ellison

"And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be good." — John Steinbeck

"You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club." — Jack London

"Jump, and you will find out how to unfold your wings as you fall." — Ray Bradbury

"All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us." — J.R.R. Tolkien

"You can make anything by writing." — C.S. Lewis

"Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go." — T.S. Eliot

"Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice." — Anton Chekhov

"By believing passionately in something that still does not exist, we create it." — Franz Kafka

"The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes." — Marcel Proust

"Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it." — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

"From a little spark may burst a flame." — Dante Alighieri

"To surrender dreams — this may be madness." — Miguel de Cervantes

"It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing dreams." — Gabriel García Márquez

"Plant your own gardens and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers." — Jorge Luis Borges

"You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep Spring from coming." — Pablo Neruda

"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." — Albert Schweitzer

"The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph." — Thomas Paine

"Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win." — Sun Tzu

"Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great." — Niccolò Machiavelli

"Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric." — Bertrand Russell

"One person with a belief is equal to ninety-nine who have only interests." — John Stuart Mill

"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." — William James

"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." — George Bernard Shaw

"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking." — W.B. Yeats

"I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship." — Louisa May Alcott

"All human wisdom is contained in these two words - Wait and Hope." — Alexandre Dumas

"There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it." — Edith Wharton

"Where there is great love, there are always miracles." — Willa Cather

"There are years that ask questions and years that answer." — Zora Neale Hurston

"The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." — Ayn Rand

"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay." — Simone de Beauvoir

"Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future." — Hannah Arendt

"It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important." — Arthur Conan Doyle

"If you fell down yesterday, stand up today." — H.G. Wells

"Reality provides us with facts so romantic that imagination itself could add nothing to them." — Jules Verne

"A goal without a plan is just a wish." — Antoine de Saint-Exupéry

"And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places." — Roald Dahl

"There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self." — Aldous Huxley

"The best way out is always through." — Robert Frost

"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." — E.E. Cummings

"To begin, begin." — William Wordsworth

"Always laugh when you can, it is cheap medicine." — Lord Byron

"If Winter comes, can Spring be far behind?" — Percy Bysshe Shelley

"The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven." — John Milton

"A word after a word after a word is power." — Margaret Atwood

"First forget inspiration. Habit is more dependable. Habit will sustain you whether you're inspired or not." — Octavia Butler

"It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end." — Ursula K. Le Guin

"Nothing ever becomes real 'til it is experienced." — John Keats

"I have dreamt in my life, dreams that have stayed with me ever after, and changed my ideas... and altered the color of my mind." — Emily Brontë

"Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." — C.S. Lewis

"Great minds have purposes, others have wishes." — Washington Irving

"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better." — Samuel Beckett

"After the final no there comes a yes / And on that yes the future world depends." — Wallace Stevens

"You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water." — Rabindranath Tagore

"Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak." — Thomas Carlyle

"Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten." — Neil Gaiman
